c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\bin\Debug\FootballSchool.exe
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\bin\Debug\FootballSchool.pdb
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\FootballSchool.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\Content\About.baml
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.baml
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.baml
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\Content\About.g.cs
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.g.cs
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.g.cs
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\FootballSchool_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\FootballSchool.g.resources
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\FootballSchool.exe
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\FootballSchool.pdb
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\bin\Debug\FootballSchool.exe.config
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\компьютер\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Компьютер\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\Pages\TabMenu.baml
C:\Users\Компьютер\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\Pages\TabMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\Компьютер\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\Pages\TeamsPlayers.baml
C:\Users\Компьютер\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\Pages\TeamsPlayers.g.cs
C:\Users\Компьютер\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\Pages\TableStats.baml
C:\Users\Компьютер\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\Pages\TableStats.g.cs
C:\Users\Компьютер\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\Pages\Games.baml
C:\Users\Компьютер\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\Pages\Referies.baml
C:\Users\Компьютер\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\Pages\Games.g.cs
C:\Users\Компьютер\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\Pages\Referies.g.cs
C:\Users\Компьютер\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FootballSchool\FootballSchool\obj\Debug\FootballSchool_MarkupCompile.lref
